Yes, sir.
>> So in the past, for
typing react components,
I've just used an interface called
props at the top of the component and
not use the React.FC,
is there an advantage to typing that?
It's a functional component
instead of just the props.
>> Can you talk me through what you do?
I'm not sure I understand,
like an interface called props?
>> Yep.
And then-
>> Like that?
>> Whatever props I'm passing in,
I would just type it in the parentheses
of the function instead of the,
>> Over here.
>> Yep, so-
>> Is this with TypeScript or React props?
>> This is with TypeScript.
So the Squiggly braces
channel would equal props-
>> Llike this?
>> Yeah, colon props.
>> This will also work.
>> Just give it.
>> Yeah.
>> Can I show you where it won't work?
>> This works a fair bit of the time
more than half, I would say.
Let's look at loading.
So we've got a message that's a string,
and we don't have a good type here.
Let's say message string,
we can give it a nice type there.
Format, please.
Cool, let's add our props
interface here and it's just this.
Oops, sorry.
So we can just delete this.
Sorry, you wanted this here, props.
We're already seeing a problem.
The fact that we're using children
means this approach won't work.
Any time you're using children,
you're gonna wanna use
the built-in React types.
Given, I wasn't doing
React.props with children and
wrapping it around
the props interface before.
But the approach of just inlining it,
it works as long as you're
only taking props in as arguments,
not children but just props.
And, you know, TypeScript's smart
enough to know that you're returning
a JSX fragment from loading,
even without this type information here.
There's your JSX element, so this matches
like a childless React component.
You can just infer your way to it,
you know what's being returned,
you know what you're taking it as
an argument, it's perfectly fine.
But as soon as children are involved
you're gonna want to do it that way,
so we'd say.
>> What I would do with the interface
would just add children in the interface
of props, and
then you can put react node, and
it will know that the children are they
will know what he's talking about.
So you can still use children with it?
>> You could.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's look at what react with child
props.
>> You could also type
the puram not as your props,
props with children of props.
>> There you go.
>> So props as the generic argument there.
>> Yep, that's that's just what I was
going towards because effectively
props with children is doing
what you're describing.
So if we do it this way,
just to finish the example.
React props with children props,
everything's happy,
I don't see channel TSX lighting up here.
>> And if we look at this, here's your P,
P is unknown, and look at that.
You've been doing it the whole time.
I mean, what you've been doing is correct.
>> Yeah.
>> This is just a name thing
that also does the same thing.
>> Just more work for what I was doing.
>> More work?
Yeah, this is a long
thing to type out too,
I just don't think either is incorrect.
However, I do know that if React ever
changes the way you describe children,
in terms of the types,
I'll get that benefit cuz I'm consuming
it directly from React whereas,
it's possible elsewhere.
There have been times where
React kind of changes things.
There was a time I don't know if it was
like 16 to 17 where you had to call
super in like, pass an argument into
super or something like that for
class based components.
Sometimes they change things up and
if I grabbed their types and
feed it right back to them, I think that
maximizes the chance for compatibility.
But nothing what you're describing, like
nothing you're saying, seems harmful or
short-sighted?
It's literally the same thing,
just expressed a different way.
>> One possibly minor advantage to long
handing it the way that you have been
is you can make children-
>> Defined.
>> Mandatory-
>> Yep.
>> If you need it for like a header,
it doesn't make sense to have
an empty header-
>> Like if-
>> Want children pass to you, so?
>> Yeah, it would give you
at the call site, you know,
some feedback that you can't use
it as a self-closing component.
Yeah, just different anyways,
the skin and cat.
I don't like naming my interfaces props,
though, I will tell you that [LAUGH]
>> Why?
>> Because sometimes I want to grab this
type and use it on the calling side, so
I can create a variable that
represents all of the props.
I'm passing into a component,
and I want to be able to do this.
And now if I'm importing a bunch of
different things called props I ended
up having to do,
I have to alias every single import.
I would rather just prefix this with
the component name or something like that.
We'll leave this like this
totally valid way to do okay,
just making sure I'm
staying on track here.
We don't have to go like all the way
through here, it's just more of the same
where we would, here we could just
say something like that, right?
And as we're doing this, some things may
flare up, and yeah, this is a much faster.
But I don't think they will, Actually,
I'm losing the thing that I was
trying to do here, which was,
Making sure I don't expose things to
the wholesale representation of things,
but I think you'll probably get this
approach and how we continue to do this.